[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Now,
it might be the case, where, for example,
I don't get anything back for b,
I might like to apply a default value.
If I were doing that over here,
what would I end up doing?
I would end up saying something
like tmp[1] not equal to undefined,
tmp[1] or and then give it
a default value like 42, right?
So, now imagine all of that craziness
added in with all that undefined
checking stuff that we'd be doing, and
you can probably quickly imagine how
Crazy Harry that does, cuz you also
probably written code like that before.
I certainly have.
Cuz I've needed to do this kind of
stuff on more than one occasion,
many occasions, okay?
Here's how simple it is
with de-structuring,
we simply say, the default value for
b should be 42.
And that default assignment is
going to behave exactly the same
as the parameter defaults
that we already went over.
Have all the same that
it's a lazy expression,
you can do stuff in that just like you can
elsewhere including the required call,
all the same things we already learned and
now applies here.
Okay, so now we're declaring that
b aught to be defaulted to 42.
In the case, where b comes
back as undefined, we get 42.
If it comes back as an empty slot,
we also get 42,
okay?
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
we can declare our default values.
Now, [COUGH]
>> Kyle Simpson: The question
that we wanna pose now is,
what would happen if I did that?
Or if I did return undefined or
I had no return at all?
What do you think would happen?
>> Speaker 2: Null be undefined.
>> Kyle Simpson: So, if a null value or
an undefined value came back over here.
Always think about it in
terms of the processing null.
If temp was null or undefined over here,
and then we tried to say tmp[0],
what would happen?
>> Speaker 3: An script
error.
>> Kyle Simpson: We get
a JavaScript error.
It's not a reference error,
it's called a type error,
because we'd be trying
to access a property and
zero property in position on the null, or
undefined value and that's not allowed.
So we'd get an illegal operation, right?
So the same is going to be true here.
If you have a pattern that's expecting
an array and you don't get back an array,
or at least something that can be accessed
like an array, you're gonna get an error.
So, one way to guard against that,
>> Kyle Simpson: Is
to say foo or an empty array.
Because if I got myself an empty array
back, then it would be totally okay for
me to do a pattern, an array
de-structuring against an empty array,
I just end up with a undefined,
b 42 and c undefined.
You follow me?
Now, all the same caveats apply with
this or here that if we are expecting to
be able to get back, return back something
like a false, or a null, or an undefined,
this isn't the appropriate one, but
in this particular case in de-structuring
we've already said, we are expecting
an array, which is always truthy.
So, this pattern is pretty safe.
We're not likely to run into any scenario,
where the or
is going to bite us and
create a problem for us.
It's pretty safe, because we're
already saying, we expect an array.
If you create a function that
suppose to return false,
you should expect for the pattern to fail.
Cuz that's not a valid case.
So, the or empty array here is
a way of saying, hey, go ahead and
just default to the empty
array if that occurs, right?
All right, now what about this?
What happens if I have an array,
the whole bunch of values in it?
Maybe I want to account for the first
three, I don't wanna gather the rest of
them up into an array.
>> Kyle Simpson: ...args.
Just exactly like we did in the parameter
list, why is this a gather versus
a spread?
>> Speaker 4: Because you're spreading it,
groups.
>> Kyle Simpson: Because we're in
an assignment context, aren't we?
We're on the left hand side of an equals.
So, I mean by assignment context,
as opposed to a value context
on the right hand side.
We're in an assignment context,
exactly like we are in a parameter list
on the left hand side of an equals.
So, a dot, dot, dot,
used on the left hand side of an equals,
anywhere on the left hand side of
the equals, is going to be treated as
a gather, as a rest,
as opposed to a spread, okay?
So here we're saying gather up all
the rest of those values into an array
called args.
If we don't have any,
args is simply an empty array, okay?
Exactly the same as it would
be in a parameter scenario.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now, I've used this with
a var keyword, just because it's
kind of easy and convenient,
but it turns out the de-structuring
is really just assignment.
It's got actually almost
nothing to do with declaration.
It's kind of a shorthand that we kind
of streamlined in the declaration, but
if I already had an a, a b, a c and args,
declared somewhere, I could do this
assignment all by itself, it doesn't have
to be paired with declaration, okay?
So really the only constraint is
that these things need to be things
that would be a valid left hand
side of an assignment, a valid,
what we call, assignment target.
So what about this?
What if I had an o object.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
I said, I wanna put all of these
as properties in an object.
>> Kyle Simpson: Every one of those is
valid assignment targets.
So it's totally okay to array de-structure
into a set of object
properties if we want it.
They just need to be valid things that
could show up on the left hand side of
an assignment.
>> Kyle Simpson: Questions so far?
>> Speaker 5: Are arrays the only things
that did this pattern matching works?
>> Kyle Simpson: No,
we also have object de-structuring,
which we'll get to in just a moment.